README.md, before:

sandscript-library-interface
============================

This provides the header files for interfacing Sandvine's SandScript Policy
Engine to arbitrary external shared libraries.

# The Public Interfaces

The SandScript Policy Engine will `dlopen()` the library and seek these
symbols:
 - `GetManifest`
 - `GetEventManifest`
 - `GetActionManifest`

These symbols are functions. You may implement one or all of these.
 
GetManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetManifest`, specifically a function
that returns the manifest of all functions in the library. You will need to
implement this if you want to extend SandScript with **functions** a SandScript
author can call.

GetEventManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetEventManifest`, a function
that returns the manifest of all of the events in the library.  You will need
to implement this if you want to extend SandScript to **raise events** that can be
handled in SandScript.

GetActionManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetActionManifest`, a function
that returns the manifest of all of the actions in the library.  You will need
to implement this if you want to extend SandScript with **actions** that can be
called in SandScript. It is possible to make actions that are restricted to
particular event contexts, or free to use in any context. If restricted,
the context must be registered in the Event manifest.
Actions may provide any number of named arguments, which may be optional
or required.


The library developer's primary role is to fill in the manifests with all of
the information to describe the functions, events and actions provided by the
shared library. Please refer to the header files for more information:
 - `sharedLibTypes.h` -- common data types
 - `sharedLibManifest.h` -- for declaring functions
 - `sharedLibEvents.h` -- for declaring events
 - `sharedLibActions.h` -- for declaring actions

# Naming Functions, Actions and Fields

When you extend the Policy Engine, you want to avoid overlap with any other
libraries or built-in subsystems. For this reason, we recommend the following
naming conventions:
 - choose a name for the subsystem (E.g., "Foo")
 - all functions and actions begin with the subsystem name (E.g., "Foo.Func()")
 - choose a name for each event type (E.g., "Foo.Event1", "Foo.Event2")
 - all fields begin with the event prefix the belong to (E.g.,
   "Foo.Event1.Field1")

# Doxygen

The shared library interface is documented using doxygen, and a doxygen
configuration file is provided. The following command will create html
documentation in a sub-folder `documentation`.

    doxygen doxygen.cfg

# Compiling

You are building a shared library, so (assuming you are using gcc) it must be
linked with `-shared` and `-fPIC`. We also recommend turning on all warnings

    gcc -fPIC -Wall -shared -o my_shared_lib.so source1.c source2.c ...

Deploy the shared library in `/usr/local/sandvine/loadable/` to be picked up
the next time the policy engine is started.

# Sanity-Checking

To 'test' your library, there is a simple tool that will open your shared
library and read the manifests.

In dump_util/
You can compile `dump-shared-library-contents.c` as:

    make

and then run it as:

    ./dump-shared-library-contents <mylib>

and it will dump out the data structures as the policy engine will see them.

This tools walks the manifests but does not actually call the functions,
actions or fields you have defined.

Note: once you have compiled the tool, you can test it on different versions of
your library without re-building it.

Commit message:

Build the shared lib with default hidden (local) visibility for symbols
DEV-11614

README.md, after:

sandscript-library-interface
============================

This provides the header files for interfacing Sandvine's SandScript Policy
Engine to arbitrary external shared libraries.

# The Public Interfaces

The SandScript Policy Engine will `dlopen()` the library and seek these
symbols. 
 - `GetManifest`
 - `GetEventManifest`
 - `GetActionManifest`

These symbols are functions. You may implement one or all of these.

The library will be compiled with hidden visibility, which makes all the symbols hidden by default. Explicity mark the symbols that are intended to be exported. Add the attribute `__attribute__ (visibility ("default"))` to the definitions(Refer to trig.c or pulse.c):
 
GetManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetManifest`, specifically a function
that returns the manifest of all functions in the library. You will need to
implement this if you want to extend SandScript with **functions** a SandScript
author can call.

GetEventManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetEventManifest`, a function
that returns the manifest of all of the events in the library.  You will need
to implement this if you want to extend SandScript to **raise events** that can be
handled in SandScript.

GetActionManifest must be a symbol of type `psl_GetActionManifest`, a function
that returns the manifest of all of the actions in the library.  You will need
to implement this if you want to extend SandScript with **actions** that can be
called in SandScript. It is possible to make actions that are restricted to
particular event contexts, or free to use in any context. If restricted,
the context must be registered in the Event manifest.
Actions may provide any number of named arguments, which may be optional
or required.


The library developer's primary role is to fill in the manifests with all of
the information to describe the functions, events and actions provided by the
shared library. Please refer to the header files for more information:
 - `sharedLibTypes.h` -- common data types
 - `sharedLibManifest.h` -- for declaring functions
 - `sharedLibEvents.h` -- for declaring events
 - `sharedLibActions.h` -- for declaring actions

# Naming Functions, Actions and Fields

When you extend the Policy Engine, you want to avoid overlap with any other
libraries or built-in subsystems. For this reason, we recommend the following
naming conventions:
 - choose a name for the subsystem (E.g., "Foo")
 - all functions and actions begin with the subsystem name (E.g., "Foo.Func()")
 - choose a name for each event type (E.g., "Foo.Event1", "Foo.Event2")
 - all fields begin with the event prefix the belong to (E.g.,
   "Foo.Event1.Field1")

# Doxygen

The shared library interface is documented using doxygen, and a doxygen
configuration file is provided. The following command will create html
documentation in a sub-folder `documentation`.

    doxygen doxygen.cfg

# Compiling

You are building a shared library, so (assuming you are using gcc) it must be
linked with `fvisibility=hidden`, `-shared` and `-fPIC`. 
We also recommend turning on all warnings

    gcc -fPIC -Wall -fvisibility=hidden -shared -o my_shared_lib.so source1.c source2.c ...

Deploy the shared library in `/usr/local/sandvine/loadable/` to be picked up
the next time the policy engine is started.

# Sanity-Checking

To 'test' your library, there is a simple tool that will open your shared
library and read the manifests.

In dump_util/
You can compile `dump-shared-library-contents.c` as:

    make

and then run it as:

    ./dump-shared-library-contents <mylib>

and it will dump out the data structures as the policy engine will see them.

This tools walks the manifests but does not actually call the functions,
actions or fields you have defined.

Note: once you have compiled the tool, you can test it on different versions of
your library without re-building it.
